The President: Thank you.
It's really wonderful to
be here today with
the auto industry workers
and management leaders.
I'm also pleased to be
joined by two incredible
members of my cabinet.
Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao and Environmental
Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt.
They've been doing
an amazing job.
They've done a lot of work
in a very short period of time.
We're looking forward to
getting the rest of our
Cabinet approved because
believe it or not,
we don't have it yet.
I also want to
thank Senator.
Senator, we have two great
Senators from a great state.
Senator Steve, we're going
to be heading out there
very soon, right Bob?
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Appreciate you being here.
You want to take some of
this business back
with you I think.
They're doing big
expansions in Michigan.
That's what I've been
promising and I guess
maybe it's one of the
reasons I won the state
of Michigan, much to the surprise of a lot of people
because it's been many, many years.
But I also want to thank
Mary Barra, on my right,
who has really been
spearheading it
and doing a great job with
General Motors.
We're going to create 900
brand new jobs,
it was just announced.
And that's going to be peanuts compared to the kind
of numbers we're going to be seeing in the near future.
I believe Mary's going to
get on board and really
build new plants in
Michigan and the United
States and it's going to be thousands and thousands
of workers.
And I want to thank you
very much because you
really have been
spearheading.
My first week in office,
some of the executives
came to the White House,
became friendly with Mark
-- where's Mark?
Where is Mark sitting?
And Bill -- Bill Ford, and
it's been really great
Mark, and I appreciate
everything you're doing.
It's been just super.
Sergio flew in
from Europe.
He told me it
took him 12 hours.
I said, "What kind of a
plane were you flying?"
(laughter)
Where is Sergio?
There he is.
But you've been doing
great and you make a great
product and I
appreciate it.
Especially, when you make
them in the United States.
So, thank you.
So, the Obama
administration 11th hour
executive actions were
going back -- and they
really did go back on a
promise and it would have,
I think, destroyed or
further destroyed
the automobile industry.
The prior administration
promised to listen
to industry leaders like you
about any concern you had
with the current fuel
efficiency standards
during a so-called
mid-term review
in 2016 and 2018.
Then the days went by and
before my inauguration,
they did away with
a mid-term review.
Is that a correct
statement, Mary?
You don't want to get too
involved politically,
but is that a correct statement?
Mary Barra:
That's correct.
The President: They
did away with it.
Can I ask you, Mark, is
that a correct statement?
Mark Fields: Yeah,
they finalized it.
The President: It
never happened.
Were you -- we want to use
the nice term --
were you mis-represented too?
Mark Fields: It wasn't
according to the process.
Mary Barra: Right.
The President: Imposing
painful new restrictions
on the American automobile
production lines
and undermining our ability
to compete with other
countries and other places
throughout the world,
which are very, very
competitive, believe me.
Especially when it
comes to making cars.
Today, I'm here to make
right on what you were promised.
We are reinstituting
the mid-term review.
We're going to reinstitute
that review and we're
giving you a voice
in the process.
We're going to do some
wonderful work for you,
but you have to come back
and you have to give us
big numbers in
terms of jobs.
And I know the unions are
going to treat them very
nicely because, Dennis,
we can't go crazy here.
You understand that, okay?
We got to take
it nice and easy.
We love the workers.
We got to take
it nice and easy.
We got to let them build.
Remember that, Dennis.
I know you so well.
So, I know you're
competitors and you'll
always be competitors, but we're all on the same side.
The most important issue
-- this is to me the most
important issue -- and
that's keeping jobs
in America and creating new
jobs in the United States.
That's why I'm here today.
We're going to
create new jobs.
Many, many new jobs,
new plants, not just
an expansion of the plants.
New plants.
Modern plants like you've
been building in Mexico.
Like you've been building
in other locations.
We want to have new plants
built in Michigan and new
plants built in Ohio and
new plants in Pennsylvania
and North Carolina and
so many other places.
And that's what
we're looking for.
So, we're going
to go all out.
We're lowering your taxes.
We're going to remove one
job killing regulation
after another.
The regulations have
already made a big impact
on the auto business and
on most other businesses.
And we're far from
being finished.
We've signed many executive orders reducing regulations.
We are far from finished.
We think we can get rid of
about 75 percent
of the regulations in many cases
and have more security
for the worker, for the
environment, and in safety
because safety
is so important.
So, we'll have
better security.
And that's why I'm very
glad that my head
of the Environmental Protection
is here, Scott,
wherever you are, Scott.
So -- hello Scott.
So, this is going to be a
new era for American jobs
and job creation and a new
era -- almost like
the beginning for the American
automobile manufacturers.
We're going to make
thousands and thousands
and thousands of
additional cars.
We're going to make them
in the United States.
We're going to work with
you on regulations.
We're going to work
with you on taxes.
But you've got to work
with us on new plants,
on new jobs, and bringing
back our country
to a level that it's never
seen before in terms
of automobile production.
And if you're going to do
that, you're going to see
some really wonderful
things happen for yourselves,
your industry, and for most importantly, the people
of Michigan and
Ohio and all of the states
that were so good to me.
And they were good to me
because they were treated
very, very unfairly.
And so, I'm just here
today to begin the process.
And with that, if anybody
has any questions,
we'd love to take them.
Go ahead.
Anybody?
Dennis, do you want
to ask something?
It's always tough when I
have the union guy ask first.
That's always
dangerous, Mark.
But that's okay.
Go ahead, Dennis.
Dennis Williams: Well, I just -- you know, I appreciate
everything you said.
I think that the focus on jobs in the United States
is so important to us as a
country and as working men
and women in this country.
And it's not just jobs,
but it's good paying jobs
and jobs that we can buy
homes and vehicles that
we build and everything else.
But I do get concerned
about environmental
standards and I agree
with you that the 2018
discussion that we had in
-- I think it was in 2012.
We had a discussion, but we have to have a mid-term review.
Because the way that we
look at it, is that
we have to deal with
the environment.
We have to do it in a
responsible way where
manufacturers are not put
in a situation that they
cannot invest.
But at the same time, meet
the environmental
needs of our nation.
So that's a concern.
The President: 100 percent
we agree with you.
We all agree with
you 100 percent.
But we want you to make
great cars and if it takes
an extra thimble full of
fuel, we don't want that
to stop making it.
And sometimes it's a
tiny amount of fuel.
It's a very small thing
we're talking about and we
want you to make -- I understand your business very well.
I understand
mechanics very well.
I was always -- I would
have been a very good --
I would have been a very
good shop steward,
but I would have been
a good mechanic.
And, you know, there comes
a point at which you are
not making great
product anymore.
It comes a point at which
I would even say people
end up buying used cars
because they work better
because of restrictions that are put on your new product.
And we don't want to
be at that position.
And you are being forced
into a position, where
in my opinion, that was
going to happen.
So, we're going to open it
up and we're going to make
it good in terms of your
workers, which, you know,
years ago, you had
thousands and thousands
of more workers making
automobiles in this
country than you do today.
And this isn't just
machinery and robotics,
this is, you
know, the basics.
And we're going
to change that.
And we want robotics.
We want all of
that to happen.
Going to make that
too, by the way.
But when I looked at the
numbers I saw thousands --
tens of thousands of more
workers many years ago,
than you have today and we're going to bring that all back.
We're going to bring it
back for the worker.
Thank you.
Thank you, Dennis.
Mark Fields: Mr.
President, you know,
on any given day, we're
all fierce competitors
and I think the reason you
have 18 OEMs of car makers
sitting around here
is because under your
leadership to be able to
put this mid-term review
back on -- back on track,
which was what we agreed
to back in 2011.
The President: Well, you
weren't treated fairly.
Because I went to many
people and I'm talking
to people that are
down the middle.
They don't care
about anything.
They just want a certain
fairness and they were involved.
Mark Fields: Exactly.
The President: And
you were not treated.
You were misrepresented.
Mark Fields: And I think
to your point, I just want
to make clear that what
we've asked for and what
you've responded to is
to reinstate the review.
It's not a rejection
of what we agreed to.
It's a process.
And so, we really
appreciate your leadership
and as always, we want to
-- we're absolutely,
you know, committed to
improving fuel economy
for our customers, you know,
less greenhouse gases,
that's safe for
the environment.
But we need to make sure
that it's done sensibly
to your point in taking
into account jobs.
The President: Right.
Right.
Thank you.
Thank you,
Mark, very much.
Good job too.
Mary?
Mary Barra: Yeah, I would
say -- echo the comments.
I think by opening up the
mid-term review we can
look at all the development in technologies that have been
developed in the last five years and the way the industry
is changing not only with ridesharing, with higher use
-- so we can actually accomplish and do the right thing
for the environment, do it more effectively that supports
jobs and supports new technology.
So, I think it is very
beneficial that we have
this discussion, and, you
know, find the pathway
to do the right thing.
And I think we can.
The President: And you
have to compete with other
countries too and we're
going to make you
so competitive that the only
ones you can blame are
going to be yourselves.
You're not going to blame
government anymore because
you're not doing well
against certain countries.
You know, I'm so impressed
with the people.
I'm looking at Toyota,
I'm looking at Kia,
I'm looking at all these great
car companies -- Volvo.
It's so impressive.
Then I look at Reince.
I'm only kidding.
(laughter)
You should run
a car company.
You probably will end up
doing that in a long time,
but maybe not.
I don't know.
He's done a great
job, Reince.
But I thought we could go
around the table and we
could start with our great
Senator Bob Corker
and just introduce yourself
real quickly and we'll all
know who's here.
Bob Corker: Yes sir,
Bob Corker, Tennessee.
I'm glad to be with you.
The President: Thank you.
Bob Corker: And I know
that the automobile
industry plays such a huge
role in our nation and I'm
glad to see it flourishing
here as it is in many places
across the country and honored to be with all of you.
Thank you.
The President: Thank you
for being here, Bob.
David Geanacopoulos:
Thank you, Mr. President.
I'm David Geanacopoulos with Volkswagen Group of America.
I'd like to thank you
and Secretary Chao and
Administrator Pruitt for
reopening the mid-term review.
We think there's a
real opportunity for
harmonization
of standards.
We do think it's important
to reduce greenhouse gas
emissions and protect the
environment, but this
process is important by
itself and there is some
opportunities there for
flexibilities that can
help us to comply and
achieve the benefits.
I also want to say that
we're proud to be
in Tennessee and to be
represented by Senator Corker
and Senator Alexander through our factory in Chattanooga.
We've got 7,000 employees
there -- in the country --
and 3,500 there.
And we'd like to grow
our presence in the U.S.
and we look forward
to working with you.
The President:
Thank you very much.
David Geanacopoulos:
Thank you.
The President: It'll be
a very fair review too.
Thank you.
Yes, sir.
Bob Kaiser: Good
afternoon, Mr. President.
I'm Bob Kaiser.
I'm the CEO of
Gallagher-Kaiser.
We engineer and manufacture the paint shops.
I'm a strategic supplier
of General Motors.
Because of General Motors
spend in the United States
in the last four of five
years, I have been able
to employ approximately
4,000-5,000 people
at any given time.
And I thank you for
everything you're doing
for the automobile
industry.
I've been in Detroit
my whole life.
I've seen the ups and
downs and I think the
nation is much better when
the cars are cut -- when
the industry is thriving.
Thank you.
The President: Are the
paints today as good
without the lead content?
You know, you used to
have a high lead content.
Bob Kaiser: Yes.
The President: And I have
heard that paints today
maybe are not as good as
they used to be because
of what's been done.
Are paints today as good
as they used to be or not?
Bob Kaiser: Yes, they're
a lot better, I would believe.
The President:
You think so?
Bob Kaiser: Yes.
The President:
Okay, that's great.
Bob Kaiser: And less harmful to the environment.
The President: Good.
Okay.
Jerry Flannery: Thank
you, Mr. President.
Jerry Flannery from
Hyundai Motor America.
We're based in
Southern California.
The President: Sure.
Jerry Flannery: Last year,
sold over 700,000 cars
in the United States and we
proudly built 400,000
of those in Montgomery, Alabama.
As you know, we committed $3.1 billion further investment --
The President:
That's true.
Jerry Flannery: -- in the
United States over the next
five years between
Hyundai and Kia.
And help to bring
more jobs working
on automation, research
and development.
Look forward to
working with you.
Thank you for
your leadership.
The President:
Thank you, Jerry.
It's a big investment
you're making.
I know all about it.
And you'll be very happy.
You're going to
be very happy.
Thank you.
Jerry Flannery: Thank
you for your leadership.
The President: John?
John Maddox: Good
afternoon, Mr. President.
Thank you very much
for joining us here.
John Maddox, the president
and CEO of the American
Center for Mobility
here at Willow Run.
We're a technology startup.
We are focused on
automated and connected
vehicle technologies.
We're building a proving
grounds here right at
Willow Run, taking
advantage -- continuing
the spirit of
innovation here.
Really focused on making a
place that auto companies
and technology companies
and government agencies
can use to develop the
technology very rapidly.
We also see automated
technology, connected
technology as critical for
competitiveness
in the auto industry.
We know other countries
are following our lead.
The President: And you're
going to need a lot of
approvals for that because
that is a very tough situation.
I know you're having a tough situation in certain states.
Not in Tennessee,
I don't think.
To have the autonomous
cars, without driver.
So, it's going to be very
interesting, but we're
going to help you and help
you as much as we can.
John Maddox: And Michigan
and the auto industry
are going to lead the way.
The President: Thank you.
Jim Lentz: Mr. President,
Jim Lentz from Toyota.
Thank you very much for
being here today
and listening to the industry.
The mid-term review -- fair and thorough is very important.
You know, as we look at
what's happening in the
industry, smart regulation
is really what we need
to think about.
It's very complex today
with what's going on with
emissions and CAFE, but --
The President: It
shouldn't be complex, but --
Jim Lentz: Yeah,
I would agree.
The President:
It shouldn't be.
It's not a
complex subject.
It's going to be great
regulation, but it's going
to be fair.
Jim Lentz: Yeah.
The President: But
it won't be complex.
It'll be better for the
environment, it'll be
better for safety, but
it won't be complex.
Jim Lentz: And I think
as we look at future
regulation around autonomy, around connected cars,
other issues that
the industry is going
to face -- that same idea of
smart regulation, I think,
is really going to work.
You know, we have -- we
have headquartered our
autonomous unit here
in North America --
a billion-dollar
investment in artificial
intelligence, as well as
our connected car company
is going to be here
in North America.
So, you will see jobs.
The President: You got to
build those new plants
here though, Jim.
You know what I'm
talking about, right?
Jim Lentz: I understand.
The President: I know I
gave you a hard time,
but you got to build
them here, okay?
Jim Lentz: I understand.
The President: All right. Michael.
Michael Sprague: Thank
you, Mr. President.
It's an honor to be here.
Really appreciate it.
Proud to represent Kia
Motors and our 3,000
employees down in West
Point, Georgia building
the Sorento that you had
an opportunity to see there.
The President: Sure. Very nice.
Michael Sprague: We opened
that plant back in 2009.
360,000 cars built per
year, 3,000 employees,
15,000 indirect employees,
so really appreciate it.
We did it in the height
of the recession.
Took an economic depressed
area and now it's booming.
So, more jobs coming.
The President:
Great, Michael.
Thank you.
I heard that.
Michael Sprague:
Thank you.
Appreciate it.
Sergio Marchionne: I just
want to thank you for
being here today.
I think my colleagues
have expressed all our
collective concerns.
There's not much I can
add, but thank you for coming.
The President:
Thank you, Sergio. Governor?
Rick Snyder: Yeah, well,
thank you for coming,
Mr. President.
It's exciting to have
you here at the American
Center for Mobility.
This is going to be the
world's best test site
for autonomous
intelligent vehicles.
And it's critically
important to our future
and you're helping build
that with your thoughts
about tax reform,
regulatory reform,
that's how we've helped
bring Michigan back.
And we look forward to
working with you and great
partnership to show how
we can lead the world.
So, thank you for
being in Michigan.
The President: Great.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, Governor.
Elaine Chao: Mr.
President, today is a
win for the American economy and the American worker.
The President: Thank you,
thank you very much.
Keep up the good work. Mary?
Mary Barra: Well, again,
Mr. President, thank you
for this opportunity.
I think the team has
stated it very well,
but I want to reinforce, you
know, we can do the right thing
from an environmental perspective.
We can do it in
an efficient way.
We can make sure that
we're preserving and even
growing jobs.
So, I see this as a huge
opportunity and I hope
that we can include
that in the dialogue.
The President: Good.
It will be.
You okay, Dennis?
You want to go again?
Dennis Williams: I'm fine.
You know, Mr. President,
I'm glad you're here.
I'm really happy to hear
that we're going
to continue to work
on the environment.
The only thing I would
like for you to change
a piece of your discussion
when you say, "We want you
to build your factories
here and be UAW members
so we can have a great
partnership." Okay?
The President: I
understand that, Dennis.
Dennis Williams: We want
the workers to rise too, right?
The President: Some things
never change, right?
(laughter)
Dennis Williams: I mean, we want the workers to rise, right?
The President: We do.
Workers are going
to rise, believe me.
They're going to have so
many options and so many jobs.
And we appreciate your
support too, Dennis.
For everything.
Dennis Williams: I've got to convince the Senator down there.
The President:
Mark, go ahead.
Mark Fields: Just to reiterate what everybody else says.
We can do right by the
economy, jobs, and we can
do right by the
environment.
And I think you can have
a -- as everybody said,
a win-win-win.
I would just like to
emphasize as we -- as we
do this mid-term review, a
very important title was
used when we agreed back
in 2011, which was one
national standard.
And so working together
with Car -- California
Resources Board, NITSA,
and also EPA is going
to be hugely important to the
entire industry to be able
to do this economically
right for the environment
and right for
the customer.
The President: And that'll
be worked out pretty quickly.
Very high standards, but worked out quickly. Scott?
Scott Pruitt: Mr.
President, it's an
honor to be
with you today.
It's been wonderful to
meet you here today as well.
As Mark indicated, we've
lived under this narrative
for the last several years
that you can't be pro
growth and pro environment.
That's something we need
to reject as a country.
We can grow jobs, we can
be pro growth, and we can
also be good stewards
of the environment.
As you look around this
table, Mr. President, each
of these individuals were
told that they were going
to take a test in April
of 2018 and what happened
last year is that the EPA
said, "No, we're not going
to give the test
in April of 2018.
We're going to accelerate
it by 16 months and take
the test early."
You righted that today.
It's great leadership and we appreciate the leadership.
The President: Okay.
Thank you very
much, Scott.
Jose Munoz: Jose
Munoz with Nissan.
Mr. President, thank
you for the invitation.
It's an honor to be here.
We really appreciate the position that you've
taken today.
It's an historical moment.
I want to say that we have
very proudly in America,
since over 58 years, 33
years with production
plants, 22,000 employees,
12,000 of them in Tennessee.
We appreciate the support
very much from Senators
Alexander and Corker and
also from the Governor
in Tennessee.
We have increased our
production in America 78
percent the last five
years, 50 percent sales
increase, more than one
million cars produced.
We have the largest plant
in America, historically,
all brands in Tennessee --
645,000 vehicles produced
and also the largest
engine plant also
in (inaudible) Tennessee with
over one million
engines produced.
And we'd been the first
ones implementing
a plant in Mississippi.
Thank you very much again.
The President: What
percentage of your cars
are made here
versus Japan?
Jose Munoz: Well, we do
65 percent of our plants here.
The President: Sold
in the United States?
Jose Munoz: Yes.
The President: Okay, good.
I had your great Prime
Minister with me.
Prime Minister Abe.
He's a great gentleman and
a great -- become a great
friend of mine.
So, we had a very, very
great time two weeks ago.
You possibly
heard about it.
Great guy.
Jose Munoz: Yes, indeed.
The President: Yes, sir.
Dietmar Exler: Hello,
Mr. President.
I'm Dietmar Exler from
Mercedes-Benz USA.
Thank you for having us
here today and thank you
for opening the door
for discussions about
regulation that can
support growth.
At Mercedes-Benz, we've
also been producing
vehicles in the U.S. for about 20 years.
We made -- we started with
the SUV production for
the whole world here.
We're down in Vance,
Alabama producing over
300,000 vehicles there.
About 70 percent actually
exported to other countries
in the world.
The President: Very good.
Thank you.
Male Speaker: Thank
you, Mr. President.
I think we are the
Benjamin here.
We are the junior
around the table.
We don't have a car yet,
as you probably have seen.
We are -- we are building
a factory in the United
States as we speak in
South Carolina,
close to Charleston.
We will open it
mid next year.
We will start with 60,000
cars and have the capacity
to move along
to 140,000 cars.
So we are delighted
to be here.
we took a deliberate choice to be in the United States
and I think we are
happy we took that --
we took that decision.
The President:
Well, thank you.
And South Carolina's
a great place.
Very special place.
And again, our Chief of
Staff, Reince, would you
like to say something?
Reince Priebus: Other than
really proud to work for
the President who
works hard every day.
I've never seen anyone
work harder than him.
And the accomplishments
that he's put on the table
so far have been tremendous.
And he's got the hearts of
the American worker
on his mind every day.
And you're all part of
making that dream come true.
The President: Thank you.
Rick Schostek: Mr. President, I'm Rick Schostek from Honda.
I also want to add our
voice of thanks
for reinstating the mid-term
review process.
Thanks to you and to
Administrator Pruitt,
we very much appreciate that.
Honda has 12 manufacturing
facilities in the United States.
We've been building
here since 1979.
Not only cars, but lawn
mowers, generators,
all-terrain vehicles.
I recently opened a plant
making jets in South Carolina
-- business jets in North Carolina.
The President: I
saw that, beautiful.
Very nice.
Rick Schostek: I'm
proud to employ 30,000
hardworking men and women
here in the United States.
And, you know, looking
forward with new
technologies and
environmental technologies
we just recently announced
along with General Motors
a joint venture to make
fuel cells right here
in Michigan.
The President:
That's great.
Thank you very much, Rick.
David Dauch: Mr. President, I'm David Dauch from
American Axle Manufacturing,
tier one automotive of driveline, drivetrain,
and metal-formed products.
We support General Motors
and Ford and FCA as well
as many of the other
esteemed OEMs here.
Strong manufacturer
committed to U.S. manufacturing.
We're in the process of
acquiring another U.S.
based company adding an
additional 30 U.S. plants
to our portfolio
today, which is over 20.
We'll have 25,000 associates as part of our organization
when it's all said and done.
So, very committed to U.S. manufacturing.
Very committed to your
agenda and glad to be with
you and support the team.
The President:
Great company too.
David Dauch: Thank you.
Steve Miller: Mr.
President, I'm Steve
Miller, and I am CEO at
International Automotive
Components.
We have 80 factories
around the world and serve
all of the major
automakers near their
place of business.
You hired my boss, Wilbur
Ross, to join your cabinet --
The President:
Smart guy, right? Smart?
Steve Miller: He's going
to deal with the trade
issues and he understands them deeply.
Our industry is inherently
a global supply chain.
The President: Right.
Steve Miller: And we need
to make sure that America
is treated fairly.
But that should not stop
the benefits that all
people get from trading.
The President: Well, you
do know that we are not
being treated
fairly, though?
You do know that, right?
I think, better
than anybody.
Steve Miller: Thank
you very much.
The President: No, America
is not being treated
fairly by the world and
it's going to be treated
fairly, believe me.
Senator?
Senator Alexander: Thanks,
Mr. President, for bringing
me to Michigan where auto jobs are growing.
When we leave here, we'll
be going to another state
where they're
growing, Tennessee.
Thanks to General Motors,
Nissan, Volkswagen,
and 1,000 suppliers, auto jobs
are now one third of all
of our manufacturing
jobs and the single most
important thing you can do
to help us is what you're
doing today, which is
to create a competitive
environment so that the
plants and the suppliers
in our country can compete
with the rest of the world.
The President:
Thank you, Senator.
Dave Trott: Dave Trott,
Congressman from
Southeast Michigan.
Thank you for coming
back to Michigan,
Mr. President.
We met here several years
ago when you came in for
the open county
Lincoln dinner.
I think it's still the
largest Lincoln dinner
in our state's history.
Thanks for attacking all
the regulations affecting
the auto industry.
People forget all these
regulations that have been
promulgated add a bout $6,000 to the cost of every car.
And also, I would be
remiss if I didn't tell
you that Speaker Ryan is
doing a great job getting
your healthcare solution
through the House.
The President: Good.
Good man.
And I want to
thank you, Dave.
It's true, about five or
six years ago I was given
the man of the
year in Michigan.
And I made a speech -- I
didn't know I'd be doing
this -- I didn't know I'd
be running for President.
I made a speech and I
said, "Your car industry
is being stolen from you."
Is that right?
And I spoke about it and
I think the people
of Michigan never forgot that
speech and that's why
we're here.
So -- and I want to thank
you for your support.
You were amazing
for a long time.
Thank you, David.
Does anybody have any
questions, and then we're
going to head out.
Going to do a
little speech.
Everyone okay?
I want to thank everybody
very much and let's go to
the next event.
(applause)